Senior Doctor
It was Zhenwei who called you to come over to my grandfather
Healing, how can you say you don't know him?
Yes, senior doctor
Zhenwei is my daughter's boyfriend
Just call them
You may be
Senior doctor really consumes too much energy
A little exhausted
It's normal not to recognize people
I'll take him out to rest first
We also need a set of stitches
How much energy can it consume?
I'm old now
This Xiaoyong
Who are you?
We don't know anything.
Political commissar, what the hell is going on?
I need an explanation I hum
Grandpa Bai has no heartbeat
What nonsense?
Grandpa, you can't die!
Grandpa, senior doctor
Please save my dad
Senior Doctor
Please help me
As long as I can save my dad
I can agree to any condition you want.
How much are you asking?
I'll get it for you right away
In the case of Mr. Bai
Only Xuanmen Jiuzhen could save his life
But I didn't learn Xuanmen Jiuzhen.
In this world
Only my junior brother knows Xuanmen Jiuzhen